New backend logic (#4187)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/dev/plugins-framework.md

# Plugins Framework

<!-- TODO [new_backend]: Incomplete -->

The key database of Elektra basically passes a `KeySet` from plugin to plugin.
Plugins can be chained or nested.

> The library `libelektra-kdb` only interacts with one special type of plugin called a _backend plugin_, usually with other plugins nested below.

Reviewer: That's not entirely true in the case of hooks. 

```suggestion
The library `libelektra-kdb` only interacts with plugins loaded as hooks or the special type of plugin called a _backend plugin_, usually with other plugins nested below.
```
